The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight .
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate - beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income - tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .
The machine employs reduced instruction - set computing , or RISC , technology .
Instead , he proposed a `` law - governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . ''
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter .
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... .
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward - rate agreements that failed to envision an interest - rate environment where short - term rates were equal to or higher than long - term rates .
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said .
On a 394 - 21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure .
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment .
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers .
So far , Nissan 's new - model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47 - year - old Mr. Campaneris .
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors .
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded .
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony .
Jan Leemans , research director , said this gene was successfully introduced in oil - producing rapeseed plants , a major crop in Europe and Canada , using as a carrier a `` promoter gene '' developed by Robert Goldberg at the University of California in Los Angeles .
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month .
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume - filled coal mine .
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses .
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA - insured loans .
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan .
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating - point operations every second .
And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca - Cola and other sodas .
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine - tuned .
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . ''
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry .
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says .
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase .
That compared with an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year - earlier period .
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink .
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male - sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop .
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier .
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues .
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''
On U.S. - Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged .
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid .
He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai .
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too .
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia - Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .
$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd .
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .
`` The profit locking - in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co .
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt .
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . ''
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself .
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business .
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points .
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said .
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls .
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % .
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon .
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 .
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained .
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd .
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work .
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .
SKILLED WORKERS aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage .
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing .
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 .
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting .
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit .
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks .
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects , he said .
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year .
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .
In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause .
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday .
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .